Rules:

The following are a set of general guidelines set forth
for players of Prophecy, to ensure that everyone has the
equal chance to attain their highest goals without having
to worry about those around them getting the same goals
by means of cheating.  These rules should also foster an
environment where people can speak and have fun in a role-
playing environment coupled with a social setting, without
having to bear harassment, foul language, or criticism.

The first rule is common sense.  What isn't written in the
rules doesn't meant that it's not illegal.  Things will be
dealt with on a case-by-case basis, and, depending on how
your actions affect the spirit of the game and the circum-
stances which you did your action under, you will face a
similar penalty under rules that closest cover your case.
Afterwards, a note stating the precedent will be posted,
after which the rule will be enforced.

If you are not sure about something, assume it is *NOT*
legal, then either write a note or ask an immortal about
the rule.  Responses may take some time depending on the
issue, so when you ask, please allow just a little bit of
time for the response.

Typing "help policy<#>" (ex. help policy1, policy2, etc.)
will show rules under general categories:
Policy1: Personal and Character Matters
Policy2: Channels
Policy3: Scripting/Botting
Policy4: Player Killing (Non-PK people need to read this too)
Policy5: Building, Coding, and improving Prophecy
Policy6: Harassment
Policy7: Quests
Policy8: Multiplaying and Networks
Policy9: Reimbursment and Miscellaneous


Policy1: Personal and Character Matters

A) Personal information, to include name, email address, physical
   address, or otherwise, is given at your own risk.  If you do
   not want people to know, do not tell.
B) The advertisement, purchasing, selling, or trading of characters
   is illegal.  If you do not want the character, delete it.
C) Sharing characters is strongly discouraged.  Keep in mind that if
   you are the 'primary' user of the character, and the 'secondary'
   user(s) get your character denied, deleted, or penalized in any
   other way, you are out of luck.  Do not complain to the immortal
   staff, learn your lesson, and don't share your characters next
   time.
D) Do not reveal other people's alts, to include immortal alts.  If
   you choose to reveal your own alts, then do not be surprised if
   other people ask those alts for things pertaining to your main
   character.
E) On a similar note, keep your characters as separate as possible
   for roleplay purposes.  Placing all quest equipment on one "storage"
   alt could cause problems, if the alt happens to be deleted, or items
   get lost in the transfer.

Policy2: Channels

A) English only on public channels.  Please respect people whose primary
   language may not be English, but attempt it with limited success.
   English is the most common language to our MUD, thus it makes for easy
   communications and keeps mis-understandings and fights to a minimum.
   If you feel you must speak in your native tongue, please do so in tells,
   on clan channels (if permitted by the Lord), or gather with your friends
   in a group or in a room.
B) Public channels include: OOC, Gossip, Question/Answer, Grats, Quote,
                            Flame, *MUSIC*, Shout, Yell
C) Do not swear/curse on public channels.
D) Swears/curses include: Shit, Fuck, Damn, Ass, Sexual/Racial/Religious slurs.
   If it isn't nice, don't say it.  If you must curse, use the flame channel, 
   but keep the fire away from other people.
E) First offense for newbies is a warning.  All others will be at admin's dis-
   cretion.  If you've been playing a while, you should know what flies and what
   doesn't.  Also, if you are asked to cease a conversation containing question-
   able content, please stop, or you will risk a nochannel.  Penalties may include
    24 or more hours of no-channeling, and loss of other priviledges.
F) Spam/Flooding:  Spam is using the same command, either in channels or in a 
   room, that can be seen by everyone else.  Using the same command three times
   or more with visible results to people in the room will result in a nochannel.
   Flooding is similar to spam, with the result that it outputs a lot of information
   on another player's screen in a very short amount of time.  If you want to spell
   up, please be mindful of the other players in the room.  Go one room away to
   cast your spells.

Policy3: Scripting/Botting

A) The only scripts authorized are hunt scripts for PK (Pussies :P) or food/
   hunger triggers.  Triggers that spam a room with any other command will
   be asked to be changed. (Those aquest triggers with emotes included, use
   gtell or whisper to yourself).
B) Scripting for spells or skills improvement is illegal.  Practices are there
   for that purpose.  Practice the skill as high as it will go, then use the
   skill in combat or where it can be used.
C) Rule of thumb: If you're not going to be at your keyboard for long periods
   of time, type 'quit'.  Idling or botting your skills may result in loss of 
   hours and the skills you were practicing.

Policy4: Player Killing, Non-PK, and Aggressive Actions

A) Non-PK's will not interfere in PK affairs.  This includes, but is not limited
   to: spelling up a PK player, locating enemies of the PK player, summoning the
   PK player near his or her enemies, or giving the PK player access to hard-to-
   reach areas or clan halls.  Non-PK's caught assisting PK players will find
   themselves PKset in very short order.
B) Looting:
   1) You must be PKset.
   2) You must have the violent timer.
   3) You must have had some part in the fight.  If you didn't help kill it,
      leave the corpse alone.

   Non-PK's looting corpses will be PKset.  PK players not abiding by the above
   will have the eq removed from their inventories and returned to the owner;
   further offenses will lead to slaying, jail, or other, more creative punish-
   ments.
C) Losing:
   1) Trust nobody.  If a no-loot one-on-one turns into 5 against one, and you
      get looted, do not proceed to complain on public channels (see 'help
      policy2' for what the public channels are).  Get together with clan mates
      and allies and plot to loot the guy that got you.
   2) Everyone loses at one time or another.  If you can't handle this, type
      'quit'.  Take a walk, call your friends/family, grab your favorite drink,
      catch your breath, calm down, then come back.
D) Aggressive Actions:
   1) No PK'ing in enemy clan halls.  If you see an open portal, walk past it.
   2) If a PKer is linkdead before the fight starts in the open, walk past him/her.
   3) Do not summon Non-PK's or lowbies to aggressive mobiles.  Do not bring aggro
      mobiles into populated areas.  This includes thief and janitor mobs.

Policy5: Building, Coding, and Improving Prophecy

A) If you would like to build, write a note to 'Ctuchik Builder'.  Please include
   the following: Character name, email address, how long you've been playing MUDs,
   how long you've been playing on Prophecy, previous building experience, if any,
   what area you would like to build, and why you would like to become a builder.
B) If you would like to code, write a note to 'Kheldar Coder'.  Include your name,
   character name, email address, MUD experience, and coding experience.
C) Potential builders and coders will then be contacted as early as possible to
   discuss their applications, and to make any necessary arrangements.  Do not be
   discouraged if you are turned down: there may be a time in the near future where
   you can help out again.
D) If you have a constructive, positive idea to change something about the code or
   an area, note the immortals with your ideas.  Do not flood note boards with "This
   area stinks" or "This code isn't fair".
E) If you aren't contributing, don't bash.  Builders and coders give of their free
   time in the hopes of making Prophecy a better place.  If you have a problem with
   an area or a piece of code, first think of how it might be improved, then follow
   (D) above.  Do not bash builders or coders.

Policy6: Harassment

A) Prophecy has a zero tolerance policy for harassment.  This includes, but is not limited
   to, racial, gender, religious, or slander harassment.  If you don't have anything nice 
   to say, DO NOT SAY IT.  If you do not like one particular person, do not start a fight;
   ignore that person, turn off the channels if they are using them, or quit and come back 
   at a time when that person is not around.
B) If you find you are being harassed by someone, kindly ask them to stop, then ignore that
   person.  If you are asked to stop your actions by someone, have enough self-control and
   respect to leave them alone.
C) If asking and ignoring do not work, write a note to 'Immortal <person>', with person being
   the offender.  This will serve as a written alarm, and the offender may then receive a 
   written warning from the immortals.
D) Further harassing action will result in deletion of your character, denial of the use of
   your character, or a ban of your connection site.
E) Harassment through means other than the MUD, but related to the MUD (I.E., harassing somone
   you met on the MUD via ICQ, AIM, or E-Mail) will be treated in the same manner.  Leave your
   gripes at the login screen, and do not quit and try to harass the person through other means.

Policy7: Quests

A) Quests are given by the quest immortals as a means to spicen up the MUD.  They are a service
   provided by the immortal, and are subject to rules of courtesy and respect not just for the
   immortal, but for other participants in the quest.
B) Quests may include find-the-imm, object gathering, Player-Killing quests, tournaments, or 
   scrimmages.
C) Quest rules are set by the immortal running the quest.  If you're not sure of a rule, ask.
   If the quest immortal asks you not to do something, please stop doing it in the spirit of
   keeping the quest fair and fun for all.  Changes in the rules may occur on the fly, so if
   you think it may even be remotely illegal or cause you to have an unfair advantage, stop
   and ask.
D) If you do not like the way the quest is being run, please do not be rude and interrupt the
   quest.  Ask the immortal through tells or notes, or type 'quest stop' and write a note.  If
   you have ideas on quests, or how a certain quest can be better run, take the time to think
   your idea through, then present the idea to the quest immortals.
E) It's not whether you win or lose, but the fun and learning that can occur.  Between quests,
   take the time to talk to those people that always seem to win, and ask them how they did it.
   Also take pains to walk around the mud (cast 'gate' mob is not considered walking) and learn
   how to get to places, and what items, no matter how insignificant they may seem, are in the
   areas.  Knowledge is power for the future.

Policy8: Multiplaying and Networks

A) Multiplaying is the connection of two or more players from the same computer terminal.
   This act is illegal, and you will be first warned to log one character off.  If you re-
   fuse to log one character off, and don't provide substantial evidence as to why you
   shouldn't, the higher level character in question will be deleted.  As in "help policy1",
   keep your characters separate.  If you need equipment for your low level alt, log it off,
   get your high-level character, gather the equipment in a bag, then drop the bag off in
   a safe place.  Then log the higher level character off, log the lower character back on
   and pick up the bag from your secret spot.
B) Networking on Prophecy is allowed under these conditions: Whoever is the "leader" of the
   network will be asked to note the immortals.  Please include player's real names, the
   characters each player will use, and, if possible, the IP address/location you will be
   networking from.  Please wait for the security immortals to note you back before using
   the network.  Problems with players on the network will be dealt with through the "leader",
   so choose someone who can be trusted to play by the rules.
C) What one player does on a network will reflect on the entire network.  One player messes
   up, the entire network can expect the penalty to happen to them as well.  If you play by
   the rules, and don't cause a lot of trouble, then you will be able to continue connecting
   your network to Prophecy.  Keep messing up, and you may find that the entire network will
   not be able to play.

Policy9: Reimbursment, Miscellaneous

A) Reimbursment for items will occur for the following:
   1) Corpse restores resulting from lost corpses during crashes.
   2) Valuable, uncommon items left on the ground during crashes.
B) Please, be mindful of what you are dropping and sacrificing.  Before you rush and type
   in "sacrifice bag", check and make sure that's the bag you *want* to sacrifice, and not
   the bag full of your life savings.  There will be limited re-imbursments in these cases,
   provided you have taken as many measures as you could to prevent against it.
C) Autoquest items:
   1) If you reroll, we will *not* exchange your aq items, including weapons, for aq points
      towards another item or as a "trade" so you can obtain an object appropriate for your
      class or level.
   2) If you plan to reroll after purchasing an autoquest item, please allow several days
      before you re-roll with the object.  There is a small bug that is being worked out
      that resets the owner if you reroll immediately after earning the gear.  Just wait
      a couple days before you reroll.
D) If you see a bug in the code, please write a note to 'Kheldar Coder Immortal'.  Explain
   what you can of what the bug was, what you were doing before the bug, and what the bug
   produced for results.  People found abusing bugs will be deleted.
