Creating Shops in Areas (OLC)

Shops provide an opportunity for players to purchase small and perhaps rare items that otherwise would
be found on a mobile wandering around the area, allowing the purchase and sale of various items of the
same type.  

Shops involve resets, as well as some simple OLC flags for the mobile to be the shopkeeper.

First and foremost, Medit the vnum of the mobile you wish to be the shopkeeper.

1) >Shop Assign
    
    This will assign a shop to the mobile, the very first command used for the purpose of placing a shop
    using this mobile.

2) >Shop Type [0 - 4] [type of item]

    Sets the type of shop and what items it will sell.  You can set values for each, five total.
    Example: Shop type 0 weapon
    Item types that can be used: Light, Scroll, Wand, Staff, Weapon, Treasure, Armor, Potion, Clothing,
                                 Furniture, Container, Drinkcontainer, Boat, Pill, Map, Portal,
				 Warpstone, Gem, Jewelry

3) >Shop Hours [open hour] [close hour]
   
    Sets the times the shop opens and closes.  0 to 23 is a 24 hour shop, use military/24 hour clock in
    calculating times.

4) >Shop Profit [% of value for character buying] [% of value for character selling]

    The first % value is the markup for the mob selling the item to the character, modified by haggle
    skill.  Thus, an item valued at 100 silver, with the number set at 150, will cost the purchaser 150 
    silver to buy.  A lower value, such as 75, make the cost 75% of that value.

    The second % value is the markdown the shop takes for a character trying to sell the mobile an item,
    modified by the haggle skill.  Generally set to lower than 100, to reflect the shop haggling down
    the cost to the shop's purchasing benefit.  An item valued at 100, with a markdwon of 75%, will be
    sold for just 75 silver.

Second, resets are needed for both the mob shopkeeper in the room, and the objects he or she will
sell.  This can be accomplished by doing the following:

	In the room where the shop is to be, the first reset will be the shopkeeper mobile.
	"reset 1 mob (vnum) 1 1"

	Then, list objects in subsequent reset order, settled in the inventory of the mobile.
	"reset 2 obj (vnum) none"
	"reset 3 obj (vnum) none"

Upon repop, the items should appear in the list of items sold, with appropriate price given markup and
markdown scores.  If the shop hours are not 24 hours, and the purchaser is looking at the wrong time,
they will get a polite "Sorry, I'm closed.  Come back later."  Wait out the ticks and list if this
happens.  Other questions and problems can be asked of the area imps or experienced builders.

